= Fraudpointer Java Client Library

== Introduction

If you are here, you have already created an Account at Fraudpointer service.
{Fraudpointer}[http://www.fraudpointer.com/] is there for you to fight fraud.
It comes in two parts.

1) The {Fraudpointer Application}[https://production.fraudpointer.com/]
This is where you login and manage your Account settings and do your daily operations
with regards to Fraud.

2) The Fraudpointer Server.
This is an HTTP Server that you can use to integrate your application with Fraudpointer
and enjoy its valuable fraud prevention functionality.

Since Fraudpointer Server talks HTTP in a RESTful manner, we have decided to help you out there
and publish a client library that you can use with your java application code. Our target is
to speed you up with integrating your application with Fraudpointer and start getting real value
out of it, as quickly and easily as possible.

== What are you getting from this repository?

If you download the contents of this repository you will get:

* A folder with all the API reference. This is folder {doc}[link:../doc]. Click on <tt>index.html</tt> and you are ready to browse it.
* A folder with all the jars of the external libraries needed to compile the code. This is the folder {external_libraries}[link:../external_libraries].
* A folder with all the source code. Apparently, folder with name {src}[link:../src].
* An ant build xml file {fraudpointer_client.xml}[link:../fraudpointer_client.xml]. If you just <tt>ant -buildfile fraudpointer_client.xml</tt> on the root folder you will get everything built. Note that the jdk used is 1.6 and it is assumed to be homed in <tt>/user/bin/jdk1.6.0_24</tt>. Edit file {fraudpointer_client.properties}[../fraudpointer_client.properties] before running ant and set it where your jdk home is.
* A file that is used to generate the javadoc-generated documenation. This file is {gendoc.sh}[link:../gendoc.sh].

== How to build the whole project and get the jar you need for your application?

You can immediately use "ant" to do that. We have the build file ready for you. The build file is:

{fraudpointer_client.xml}[link:../fraudpointer_client.xml]

You need to make sure that file {fraudpointer_client.properties}[link:../fraudpointer_client.properties] points to your jdk home.

Then you just need to type in and run the following command on your command prompt:

<tt>ant -buildfile fraudpointer_client.xml</tt>

Note that, among the others, this will generate the folder:

<tt>out/artifacts/fraudpointer_client_jar/</tt>

which will contain the jar file <tt>fraudpointer_client.jar</tt> with all compiled classes ready for you to include in your java projects.

== Using the API

You cannot use the API just like that. You will need to have

* a Fraudpointer Account in APPROVED status.
* your public IPs you access Fraudpointer Server from, need to be registered in your Fraudpointer
  Account settings.

Having done these two, you will get your private API key and you will be able to
start using demos and developing against Fraudpointer API. (If you do not have a Fraudpointer
Account, go ahead and create one {here}[https://production.fraudpointer.com/a/new]. It's FREE.)

== API Reference

We have it ready for you there:

<tt>{doc}[link:../doc]</tt>

Or, you can always generate it by running the following command on your command prompt:

<tt>gendoc.sh</tt>

== Developer's Guide

A Developer's Guide can be found {here}[http://documentation.fraudpointer.com/developers-guide/developers-guide-home-page/]

== Support

Do not hesitate to e-mail Fraudpointer support ({support@fraudpointer.com}[mailto:support@fraudpointer.com]).
We would be happy to help you out there with your integration effort.

